AI
--
AI is the simulation of human intelligence to allows machines to think like humanly and can be used for problem solving, language translation, decision making and so on.


Classification of AI
--------------------
	-> LLMS
	-> AI Workflow
	-> AI Agents


LLMS
----
LLMS are the Large Language models that take in input and provide an output based on their training.
LLMS are trained on vast amount of data but they lack personal information.
LLMS are passive, they wait for our prompt and then respond.
GPT stands for Generative Pre-Trained Transformer.

Example:
Input (Write a appointment Email)	-> LLM (ChatGPT)	-> OutPut (Well tailored mail based on training)


AI Workflows
-----------
AI workflows are the enhanced versions of LLMs that take in input, have access to provided personal information and then provide an output.
AI Workflows are configured with a pre-defined path to retrieve our personal information which is also called as control logic.
AI Workflows requires humans to configure control path to retrieve information.
Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) is the process that helps AI Models "look things up" before they answer, RAG is a type of AI workflow.

Example:
Input (write a appointment email based on my calendar schedule)		-> LLM (ChatGPT + access to personal information, Google Calendar)		-> Output (Appointment schedule mail based on my availability as per calendar)




AI Agents
---------
AI Agents are the enhanced version of AI workflows that follows ReAct methodology.
ReAct is nothing but Reasoning + Act, it is used to remove human interference.
AI Agents get a Goal, do Reasoning then Act using tools and do iteration to provide best results then provide output.


Example:
Goal (To create a LinkedIn post about best rated movies for year 2025)
The agent will start reasoning and checks any source websites like imdb is provided or not.
If Provided, it will act using tools like Excel (to fetch source websites provided) and does iteration then provides the best result.
If no source is provided it will get data based on it's training model.



LLM fails if I ask any personal data like my meeting calendar schedule due to lack of accessibility.
AI workflow with a configured control path can be used to solve above LLM failure task.
AI workflow will fail if ask it check whether, because of missing control logic path.




Spring AI Project
-----------------
Create a Project using Spring Initializer and add open ai, web dependencies.
Download and Import
Register to open-ai api and get api key.
application.properties: spring.ai.openai.api-key="key"